Leadership
wasn't evaluating just your decision.
They were evaluating how you framed it.
Justified it and aligned it to business
priorities.
Let's break down what should have happened
and why it matters.
Your opening statement sets the tone.
A strong recommendation looks like this.
Move forward.
Market
analysis shows a 20% increase in demand.
Moving forward now ensures we secure
early adopters before competitors react.
This will be a phased
rollout, prioritizing high revenue
regions and mitigating execution risks.
This phrasing works
because it eliminates hesitation
ties to market data and ensures
execution feasibility.
Leadership expects
you to have already assessed risks.
A strong response acknowledges
challenges upfront.
Execution speed is our biggest risk.
Scaling
too quickly could overextend resources,
leading to delays and increased costs.
This works because it's specific, focuses
on business impact, and shows proactive
thinking.
Leadership
needs to know how you'll control the risk.
A strong response
is we mitigate this with a phased rollout.
Prioritizing high revenue regions first.
This allows us to scale gradually.
Ensuring execution remains on track
while maintaining operational efficiency.
This works because it's
a clear, actionable plan aligned
with financial strategy.
Every decision must connect to leadership
priorities.
A strong response sounds like this.
This strategy aligns
with sustainable growth and profitability.
A phased rollout minimizes financial risk
while ensuring steady market penetration.
This works
because it mirrors leadership language
and reinforces risk conscious decision
making.
Bottom line
leadership wasn't just listening.
They were assessing whether your decision
was clear, strategic
and aligned with business priorities.
Strong answers drive action.
Anything less creates hesitation.